深圳夫妻找单男一起玩

我们玩夫妻交换,也找单男玩三人行.
对单男要求年轻,帅气,干净卫生,健康,有气质,尊重女性,举止优雅,是学生或有正当职业,性取向异性.
不接受无套内射

请回复邮件提供你的信息 (表格见英文部分末尾,部分有中文说明,英文看不懂可以用"百度翻译"),以便我们决定是否联系你.
请注意不提供信息,不发照片的,我们不会回复

必须发正脸照片 和正面全身照片, 更多生活照是鼓励的.
其他照片也会被鼓励，比如你的勃起照片（最好在照片上有参照物可推测出准确尺寸）
务必要留联系方式. 
注意:只发JJ照,或者虽然JJ照很好,但生活照比较少,难以判断你的颜值的,我们不会联系奥,JJ照是锦上添花的.










Couples seeks for Couples or Bulls near by Shenzhen/Guangzhou/Hongkong etc.
We are couple who likes to have some special fun with external young boys.
My husband likes to watch me having sex with others (safe sex only, condom is required, I am bisexual my husband is straight, no homo guys please)

We also do swinging, couples are fine.

We lives in Shenzhen, and sometimes travels, we enjoy travel sex, too. so remote friend also have chance.

We are picky and we don't accept money (we don't pay you, too) , good lucky for you.
 
Please send your email to describe yourself.


We will not reply without the following required info 
[请回复邮件提供你的信息]
(We assume you are single male, if you are couple, please fill the husband's info):
1. Frequently resident city (list all if multiple)[常住城市,有多个的请列出多个]:
                 
2. Travel plan in next year [明年计划可能前往哪些地方]:
                 
3. Year of birth[出生年]:
                 
4. Are you a student?:
        Yes/No
5. job occupation :
                 
6. race/ethnicity:
                 
7. height/weight in cm/kg:
                 
8. Sex experience:
        A: 0 times
        B: 1-12 times
        C: 12-200 times
        D: more than 200 times
9. Sex partners number (count the number of people who had sex intercourse with you before, no matter the relations, no matter if money is involved)  : [和你有过性接触的人的个数,无论什么关系,无论是否给钱]
        A: 0 people
        B: 1-5 people
        C: 5-12 people
        D: 12-30 people
        E: more than 30 people
10. Threesome/Swinging experience (don't count the case which you paid the couple to get a chance to do so) [和夫妻玩过几次?不含你花钱买到的情形 ]
        A: 0 times
        B: 1 times
        C: 2 - 5 times
        D: 5 - 12 times
        E:12-50 times
        F: more than 50 times
11. Threesome/Swinging partners number (count the number of couples which the wife had sex intercourse with her husband's consent. don't count the case which you paid the couple to get a chance to do so) [和你一起玩过的夫妻有几对? ,不含你花钱买到的情形]:
        A: 0 couples
        B: 1 couples
        C: 2-3 couples
        D: 3-7 couples
        E: more than 7 couples
10. Experience with couples' fist time (count the number of couples which the wife has no external sexual affair after get married with her husband before she has sex intercourse with you with her husband's consent, and you've successfully helped the husband to convince his wife to have sex with you. aka. how many couples had their first time with you? )[有几次引导夫妻走出第一次的经历?]
        A: 0 couples
        B: 1 couples
        C: 2-4 couples
        D: more than 4 couples

11. Annual income (after tax)
        A: 0 USD
        B:0-2000 USD
        C:2000-20000 USD
        D:2000-50000 USD
        E:more than 50000USD

12. Orientation
        A: straight
        B: bi-sexual
        C: homosexual
        D: between A and B
        E: between B and C

12. Same-sex partners number ( how many male sex partner has had same-sex with you before, , no matter the relations, no matter if money is involved)
        A: 0 people
        B: 1  people
        C: 2-3 people
        D: 3-5 people
        E: more than people

13. Anal sex partners number ( no-matter with boys/girls)  ( how  people has had Anal with you before, , no matter the relations, no matter if money is involved)
        A: 0 people
        B: 1  people
        C: 2-3 people
        D: 3-5 people
        E: more than people

14. Authorize us to forward ( send ) your Information to other or not?
        A: Don't send to anyone.
        B: You can send to girls / couples only
        C: You can send to anyone.

16. Please send us your photo in attachment.  and please mark the Date which the photo is taken.
We require recent photos, at least on photo in recent 1 year of your face, your full body.
Other photo are also encouraged like the photo of your erection (better with something to measure the size in the photo)
                 


17. contact info (qq/WeChat/mobilephone/email/etc.) (must provide one of qq/wechat/mobilephone)  [联系方式:常住中国大陆的必须提供QQ/微信/电话之一 鼓励提供多个]
                 

Thanks,


